# Prints 'hello world!' two times within one block of statements. This will be printed once when called, not every time it is executed inside this code due to print statement being used with for-loop or while-loops etc... 
def say_hello():
    i = 0   # Initialize counter variable (i) at zero because we want the first hello message. This will be printed once only when function gets called, not every time it's executed within this block of code due to print statement inside for-loop or while loop etc... 
    
    while i < 2:   # Loop until counter variable (i) is less than two because we want the second hello message. This will be printed twice when function gets called, not every time it's executed within this block of code due to print statement inside for-loop or while loop etc... 
        if i == 0:   # If condition checks whether counter variable (i) is zero because we want the first hello message. This will be printed once when function gets called, not every time it's executed within this block of code due to print statement inside for-loop or while loop etc... 
            print("Hello world")   # First Hello Message which repeats after second hello message (once). Printed only one times. This will be printed once when the function is called, not every time it's executed within this block of code due to `print` statement inside while loop etc... 
        else:   
            print("Hello World!")   # Second Hello Message which repeats after first hello message (twice). Printed twice. This will be printed two times when the function is called, not every time it's executed within this block of code due to `print` statement inside while loop etc... 
        i += 1    # Increment counter variable by one each iteration through the loop because we want both hello messages (once and twice) being displayed. This will be printed once when function gets called, not every time it's executed within this block of code due to print statement inside for-loop or while loop etc... 
